hey guys
well this is my review
airwalk skateboard really I do not like
it like the gray skateboard for
beginners that don't know how to ollie
do kick flips in that stuff but really
it's piece of this that's my name
it's pretty one I mean look at this I
got this on Easter day which was April
fourth it's april twenty second time in
20 days and this thing is so ejecta just
a dick right now like all that is not
right how my like how worn out that is
like i like you can see it that it used
to be circle here but somehow i just got
call flat you plus the grip tape look at
it's just all coming off all that black
stuff is dirt if the torn off plus i
really don't know how that happened but
that just chipped off the trucks and the
wheels the wheels online for good but
the trucks on all of them just suck just
stop really bad because the trucks here
I'll show you this is fully tightened by
the way
this is fully tightened look how much
that bends that is not right like it was
so tightened because it's an allen
wrench it was so tightened that like it
left a huge red mark in the palm of my
hand so I'm like well screw that so I
just put on this board that's just kind
of written book look well there's
nothing like looking but um yeah like I
said the heck skirt hey don't let it
touch the dog and she wants me to play
oh yeah alright man say
all right you see those marks I know
they're on all skateboards but really
this one is really bad along with a lot
of others but that's because the trucks
on that board that board events so much
that completely set the paint off to
their band so much and what I was not
saying is that this board is perfect for
beginners if you actually grind on once
or twice it'll break its throat in there
um what I like teasing boards I know
this is bad for skateboards but it's
like if you're kind of freakish about
skateboarding with you like it a lot
that it would be great to like take it
out in the water and that's what I do
with this because I got an awesome
really better skateboard just went first
I'm just surprised how much tout torn of
it is even why I've never done anything
a bit really just learning how to all
and it's already torn up this much I
really don't know how that got there and
it's good for beginner but
for crow it's not really good or it will
someone that knows that all UK foot it's
not a good for also if on if you're just
need a tool or cheap going around just
going to the store board it's okay just
get new trucks because even those those
things turn like me and turn so much
they really don't go anywhere and off
you can lean it this much and it feels
just that much they're really piece of
what is fighting me go get it so
yeah well i'll show you my good work not
good quality good for a beginner but
yeah well alright see ya